Is it the qualification of Xuanyi Dao Palace?
Who could it be?
Is my old friend
Or the enemy of Xuanyi Dao Palace
Whatever.
Since it is against Xuan Yidao Palace
That's my friend.
Report to the Supreme Elder
The spies we sent to Qinzhou reported
The man we sent to assassinate Han Yang
They were attacked.
In addition to that
Those sneakers hang me with a bow
After all concealed equipment was removed in Qinzhou
And all the way west
Jiangyuzhou Lianzhou
Wait until all the installations in the seven state capitals are pulled out
So
Hanyang all the way unimpeded
Within 7 days
Hanyang can reach the foot of our mountain gate
Who is so brave
Dare to help in secret
This trash
It's those elders of Yuan Men
I believe it all
When he learned that the third elder of Yuan Men had not left Yuan Men
Who would that be?
A giant weapon police in Yeba District is not enough for Lu
How is the Taoist Chen Qiaoqian?
Seven more days.
The Free Sky Demon Chapter you passed on to Chen Qiaoqian
He can practice to the peak
Then he can be your cauldron
As expected of the Xuanbing system
Hurry up and set up the altar
In seven days, this palace will take his bloodline
Break through the Martial King Mirror in one fell swoop
Congratulations to the Supreme Elder